DEMO SONG LIST & PROFILE

Warning: All rights to the song data are reserved. Unauthorized use of this 
material for purposes other than private, personal enjoyment is a violation 
of applicable laws.

***Demo Song List***

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
88P_BASE.MID  Base Demo                     Naoki Matsuura (GigBag)
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
88P_ORCH.MID  Orchestra                     Team-khy
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
88P_LOFI.MID  Lo-Fi Dance                   Idecs
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
AUTUMNAL.MID  Autumnaltints                 Kazuko & Masashi Hirashita
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
DOTABATA.MID  Dota-Bata                     Shimada Mitsuru (Music Brains)
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
GOLD_SPR.MID  Gold Sprinter                 Hiroshi Hisamitsu
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
SKATEY8.MID   Skatey Eight                  Adrian Scott
                                            ©1994 Adrian Scott
TXPLASMA.MID  TOXOPLASMA                    Mitsuru Sakaue, Kazunori Seki
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation



***Profile of Composers***

Naoki Matsuura (GigBag)
GIGBAG left Japan for the U.S. in 1982, then started his professional 
activities while he was still in the Berklee College of Music. He gained 
popularity as a bassist in Boston, Europe and Asia.

Team - KHY
The company "TEAM-KHY" formed in 1988 consists of three members, Kyoko 
Otagawa, Hiroshi Hisamitsu and Yasuhiko Komuro. Their composition "Foresta 
1" was presented at the 1990 Kyoto International Music Festival, and 
"Foresta 2" at the First Annual Computer Music Independent Concert held in 
Kobe the following year. More than just another group of modern musicians or 
commercial composers, they are making their mark as fresh and creative new 
musical unit whose recordings range in style from classical to popular and 
beyond, developing new vistas in music as they transcend genre. The three 
people graduated in "Composition" from the Kyoto City University of the Arts 
Department of Music.

Idecs Inc.
Through the SMF data creations they offer, this professional sound 
production unit continues to generate new excitement throughout the realm of 
music files. The overwhelming quality of their music has created for them an 
enormous following among consumers of music files. Additionally, their other 
activities within the realm of music reach into almost every area—whether it 
be composing, arranging, producing, or education.

Masashi Hirashita, Kazuko Hirashita
Masashi and Kazuko both started studying classical piano when they were in 
their infancy. Both went on to study composition. At the same time, they had 
started their own music careers as keyboardists and composers. Their work 
covers a wide spectrum of styles and activities, including pop, fusion and 
jazz music as well as many writing and producing jobs.

Mitsuru Shimada
On April 3, 1992, Shimada established music production company with Tokyo as 
his base of activity. Besides producing CDs, background music for video, 
commercials, music for animation, karaoke, and more at the company's in-
house recording studio, he works on developing electronic musical 
instruments, arranging musicians, and is involved in publishing instruction 
manuals. He has produced numerous titles on the theme of pursuing the 
expression of musical reality for Roland SMF Music Files as well, and has 
garnered great respect for his work.

Hiroshi Hisamitsu
Since his schooldays, Hiroshi Hisamitsu has been active in orchestral 
composition and in arranging. He has also had an interest in computer music 
which led to compositions in that field as well. His compositional technique 
is supported by broad musical knowledge and experience, and he is especially 
known for his acoustic expressiveness. At present, he is a member of "Team-
khy", and an instructor in computer music at Kyoto University of Education.

Adrian Scott
Adrian Scott formerly handled the vocals and keyboards for the popular 
Australian group, “Air Supply.” Since following the solo path, he won the 
Silver Prize at the “World Song Festival Tokyo ‘84.” Currently, he is 
involved as a producer of commercial music and music for films. In addition, 
as a session player, he has performed along with a number of Australia’s top 
musicians, including John Farnham and Kylie Minogue. He lives in Melbourne, 
Australia.

Mitsuru Sakaue
From his college days, Mitsuru Sakaue has been active as a keyboard player 
and arranger in studio and commercial music production. At present he is 
involved in production of commercials for TV and radio as a composer, 
arranger, keyboard player and computer music expert. His highly acclaimed 
musical abilities go beyond borders of musical genre. He is the chief 
director of the Idecs (Inc.) group of creative musical artists.

Kazunori Seki
Kazunori Seki is active as a session drummer. Beginning with his band debut 
on "Motoyoshi Iwasaki & WINDY" (on Kitty records), he participated in four 
singles and two LPs. When the group disbanded, he began freelancing as a 
composer. At present he is active as a composer and arranger of commercial 
music. Kazunori is a multi-talented musician who handles everything from 
arranging, vocals, computer operation, and engineering all by himself.

