===========================================================================
=================== ENGLISH (VERSION FRANCAISE EN BAS) ====================
===========================================================================

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THIS MUSIC
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Lemmings - Level 7" (Duration/Playing Time: 01:47)
Copyright (C) 2006 Maxime Abbey
Version 1.0 (2006-03-18)

Wow, time has passed since I released my previous tunes! More than three
years to be exact... This music being the first I release for a long time,
it carries everything I've learnt and worked on during those three years:
new musical knowledge, new composition tools and, most important, new audio
gear to produce new and fresh samples.

This music is certainly one of the most well-known (if not THE most) tunes
from the famous hit "Lemmings", a game released by Psygnosis on various
platforms (Amiga, MS-DOS...) during the early 90s. This version is mainly
based on the PC/MS-DOS/AdLib port of the game, but has been also inspired
by the Amiga version, especially for the sounds.

The original music has been composed and ported by several persons for DMA
Design and Psygnosis: Tim Wright, Tony Williams, Brian Johnston...

TECHNICAL INFORMATION ABOUT THIS MUSIC & WHAT YOU NEED TO USE IT
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This music has been originally created in IT (ImpulseTracker) compatible
format under OpenMPT 1.17.02.40. It has been exported as a standard General
MIDI file for more convenient use. The MIDI version uses 6 channels,
including drums.

A MIDI file requires a MIDI file player, and is aimed to be played through
a MIDI synthesizer, either hardware or software. The sound quality of a
MIDI file mostly relies on the sound quality of the MIDI synthesizer used
to reproduce it.

You should already have at least a software MIDI synthesizer on your
computer, as most recent operating systems come with their own built-in
MIDI synthesizer. But you can get and install additional software
synthesizers if you are not satisfied with the sounds of your current one.
WinGroove, Yamaha S-YXG, Roland HyperCanvas and SynthFont are quite popular
software MIDI synthesizers. 

However, for maximal enjoyment, I recommend the use of a good hardware
General MIDI synthesizer, such as those from the most well-known
manufacturers (Roland, Yamaha, Korg...) or those which come with the
Creative line of soundcards (Sound Blaster Live!, Audigy, X-Fi...), using a
good sound bank.

For Creative cards, and any software which supports SoundFonts, such as
SynthFont, there are many good SoundFont General MIDI banks available on
the Internet for MIDI file listening: Magic SoundFont, Unison, Fluid,
SYnerGi, Mega Sound Bank, Crisis, Titanic SoundFont, RealFont, Utopia Live!
are a few examples among many others.

I made the original IT version using sounds from my own SoundFont bank.
Check the documentation included with the IT version for more information
about those sounds and how to get them.

As MIDI file player, for Windows, I STRONGLY recommend vanBasco's Karaoke
Player, available at http://www.vanbasco.com, but any MIDI file player
should be able to reproduce my music, including Winamp, Windows Media
Player, QuickTime, KbMedia Player, and many, many others.

TOOLS & AUDIO GEAR USED
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

As stated above, this music has been entirely composed and produced with
OpenMPT 1.17.02.40 in IT format, then converted into MIDI format using
OpenMPT as well (some minor fixes have been made to the MIDI file
afterwards).

Although all efforts have been made to produce a MIDI file which sounds
like the original format, due to technical limitations, the MIDI version
has less enhancements and special effects than the IT version. 

All instruments used in the MIDI version have been mapped according to the
General MIDI (GM) map. Most of them have been chosen to sound closest to
those used in the original IT version. However, some may have been modified
or adapted to give a better sound on most MIDI synths; more information
about those instruments is available below. 

DETAILED INFORMATION ABOUT THE SOUNDS USED IN THIS MUSIC
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

All instruments except one have been mapped according to those used in
the IT version : Orchestral Harp (GM #46), Bright Acoustic Piano (GM #1),
Electric Piano 1 (GM #4), Synth Bass 1 (GM #38), and Power Drum Kit (GM/GS
Drum Kit #16).

The only instrument which has been modified for the MIDI version is the
Nylon Pizza Atmospheric Pad from the IT version. Because of too much
differences between MIDI synths regarding the original instrument (GM #99,
Atmosphere), I've chosen a more neutral, compatible instrument: a
vibraphone (GM #11), which retains the original feeling of the main melody.

LICENSE AND TERMS OF USE OF THIS MUSIC
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

* MISCELLANEOUS

This music is distributed for FREE for your personal listening and editing
pleasure.

Anyway, its use implies the acceptance of a license and specific terms
of use, as described below: this music is released as copyrighted under
the "freeware" model, and absolutely not as part of the public domain.

The same terms of license apply to all parts of this music, including
samples and instruments, unless otherwise noted. Keep in mind that those
terms may be modified by myself at any time without any notification. The
official and latest version of this license is available on my website,
located at http://www.arachnosoft.com. Be sure to check it when necessary.

* DISTRIBUTION

You are free to distribute this music to anyone you want, under any format,
as long as you keep the final user informed about the origin of this music,
its author, and its official availability on my website,
http://www.arachnosoft.com.

If you want to distribute this music in another format than the ones I
offer to you (MP3, OGG, etc.), I would like you to contact me before, to
keep me informed on the use of my music.

You are of course free to distribute the original package, as found on my
website. I'd like to be also informed by e-mail if you do so.

In any case, you MUST specify clearly that this music has been produced by
me, Maxime Abbey, and that its original and latest versions are available
on my website, http://www.arachnosoft.com.

Moreover, the distribution must be done freely, or in exchange of a small
amount of money aimed at covering distribution fees and/or supports
(CD-ROM, disks...). Any commercial distribution is covered by the
commercial usage terms of this license, as described below.

* USAGE

You are entirely free to use and listen to this music for your personal
pleasure and to convert in any format to suit your listening needs, as long
as it does not harm anyone and complies with the terms of this license.

If you want to use this music on your own creations (software, website,
CD-ROM, presentation, magazine, etc), whatever is your project, please
contact me to keep me informed about it, even if any use in non-commercial
projects is encouraged. However, any commercial use MUST be discussed with
me before anything. All parts of this music are concerned, even the samples
and the instruments, as, unless otherwise noted, all have been build and
recorded by myself.

You are fully allowed to modify or remix this music as you want, but if you
want to distribute a modified version, you must indicate that you've used
my own work as basis, and that you are the author of this modified version.
Moreover, I would be pleased to be informed about your work.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

My name is Maxime Abbey, I was born on October 28th, 1985 in France.

My website is located at http://www.arachnosoft.com. You'll find there all
my freeware programs (including utilities, 2D and 3D games) and all my
music pieces.

You can contact me by e-mail at contact@arachnosoft.com, for any purposes.
Don't hesitate to do so, my natal language is French, but you can write me
in English as well. All e-mails will be read, your support is always
appreciated!

TO FINISH...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for listening to my music! I hope you like it...

I would like also to thank all people who created the tools and samples
I've used for this music, especially Olivier Lapicque and the
OpenMPT/ModPlug Software team, as well as Achraf Cherti, who greatly helped
me to enter in the "tracked music" scene.

And of course, thanks to all mentioned or unmentioned people who have
composed the music which has inspired me to produce this one, either
directly or indirectly!

As a final word, please accept all my apologies for any mistakes I made
in this English documentation, as my natal language is French.

ENJOY MY MUSIC! I'M WAITING FOR YOUR COMMENTS...

===========================================================================
================================ FRANCAIS =================================
===========================================================================

INFORMATIONS GENERALES AU SUJET DE CETTE MUSIQUE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Lemmings - Level 7" (Durée / Temps de Lecture : 01:47)
Copyright (C) 2006 Maxime Abbey
Version 1.0 (18/03/2006)

Que de temps passé depuis que j'ai publié mes dernières musiques ! Plus de
trois ans pour être précis... Cette musique étant la première que je publie
depuis un bon moment, elle est le fruit de tout ce que j'ai pu apprendre et
du travail musical que j'ai pu réaliser durant ces trois années : de
nouvelles connaissances, de nouveaux outils pour la composition, et, plus
que tout, du matériel audio supplémentaire, afin de pouvoir créer des sons
nouveaux. 

Cette musique est certainement l'un des thèmes musicaux les plus connus (si
ce n'est LE plus connue) du célèbre "Lemmings", un jeu vidéo publié par
Psygnosis sur diverses plate-formes (Amiga, MS-DOS...) au début des années
90. Cette version est principalement inspirée de l'adaptation
PC/MS-DOS/AdLib du jeu, mais est également calquée sur la version Amiga du
jeu, particulièrement au niveau des sonorités.

La version originale a été composée et adaptée par plusieurs personnes pour
DMA Design et Psygnosis : Tim Wright, Tony Williams, Brian Johnston...

INFORMATIONS TECHNIQUES SUR CETTE MUSIQUE ET COMMENT L'UTILISER
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cette musique a été créée à l'origine dans un format compatible IT
(ImpulseTracker) avec OpenMPT 1.17.02.40. Elle a été exportée en format
General MIDI standard pour un usage plus convivial. La version MIDI utilise
6 canaux, percussions incluses.

Un fichier MIDI nécessite un lecteur de fichiers MIDI, et est destiné à
être joué par un synthétiseur MIDI, matériel ou logiciel. La qualité sonore
d'un fichier MIDI repose essentiellement sur la qualité sonore du
synthétiseur utilisé pour le reproduire.

Vous devriez déjà avoir au moins un synthétiseur MIDI logiciel sur votre
ordinateur, étant donné que la plupart des systèmes d'exploitation récents
sont fournis avec leur propre synthétiseur MIDI. Mais vous pouvez obtenir
et installer d'autres synthétiseurs logiciels si vous n'êtes pas satisfait
des sons que vous propose celui que vous possédez actuellement. WinGroove,
Yamaha S-YXG, Roland HyperCanvas et SynthFont figurent parmi les
synthétiseurs MIDI les plus populaires.

Toutefois, pour un confort maximal, je vous recommande l'utilisation d'un
bon synthétiseur MIDI matériel, comme ceux des fabricants les plus connus
dans le domaine (Roland, Yamaha, Korg...) ou ceux qui sont fournis avec
les cartes son Creative (Sound Blaster Live!, Audigy, X-Fi...), avec
l'utilisation d'une bonne banque de sons.

Pour les cartes de Creative, et tout logiciel supportant les SoundFonts,
comme SynthFont, il existe plusieurs banques de sons SoundFont au format
General MIDI sur Internet. Parmi celles que je vous recommande, pour la
lecture de fichiers MIDI : Magic SoundFont, Unison, Fluid, SYnerGi, Mega
Sound Bank, Crisis, Titanic SoundFont, RealFont, Utopia Live! sont quelques
exemples parmi tant d'autres.

J'ai réalisé la version IT originale en utilisant des sons de ma propre
banque de sons SoundFont. Consultez la documentation incluse avec la
version IT pour plus d'informations à propos de ces sons et comment les
obtenir.

Comme lecteur de fichiers MIDI, je vous recommande FORTEMENT vanBasco's
Karaoke Player, disponible sur http://www.vanbasco.com, mais tout lecteur
de fichiers MIDI devrait être en mesure de reproduire ma musique, y compris
Winamp, Windows Media Player, QuickTime, KbMedia Player, et beaucoup,
beaucoup d'autres.

LOGICIELS & MATERIEL AUDIO UTILISES
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Comme indiqué plus haut, cete musique a été entièrement composée et
produite avec OpenMPT 1.17.02.40 en format IT, puis convertie en format
MIDI, également avec OpenMPT (quelques corrections ont été effectuées par
la suite sur le fichier MIDI).

Malgré que tout ait été mis en oeuvre pour produire un fichier MIDI qui se
rapproche le plus possible du format original, en raison de limitations
techniques, la version MIDI est moins complexe et comporte moins d'effets
spéciaux que la version IT. 

Tous les instruments utilisés dans la version MIDI ont été choisis en
conformité avec la norme General MIDI (GM). La plupart d'entre eux ont été
choisis pour offrir un rendu similaire à la version IT d'origine.
Toutefois, quelques-uns ont pu être modifiés ou adaptés pour produire un
meilleur son sur la plupart des synthétiseurs MIDI ; des informations
supplémentaires à propos de ces instruments sont disponibles ci-dessous.

INFORMATIONS DETAILLEES A PROPOS DES SONS UTILISES DANS CETTE MUSIQUE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tous les instruments sauf un ont été choisis en fonction de ceux utilisés
dans la version IT : Orchestral Harp (GM n°46), Bright Acoustic Piano
(GM n°1), Electric Piano 1 (GM n°4), Synth Bass 1 (GM n°38), et Power
Drum Kit (GM/GS Drum Kit #16).

Le seul instrument ayant été modifié pour la version MIDI est "Nylon Pizza
Atmospheric Pad". En raison de trop nombreuses différences de sonorités
entre les différents synthés MIDI concernant l'instrument d'origine
(GM n°99, Atmosphere), j'ai choisi un instrument plus neutre : un
vibraphone (GM n°11), qui conserve bien les caractéristiques de la mélode
principale.

LICENCE ET CONDITIONS D'UTILISATION DE CETTE MUSIQUE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

* GENERALITES

Cette musique est distribuée GRATUITEMENT afin que vous puissiez l'écouter
ou l'éditer avec plaisir.

Toutefois, son utilisation implique l'acceptation d'une licence et de
conditions d'utilisation spécifiques, telles que décrites ci-dessous :
cette musique est distribuée sous copyright selon le modèle du "freeware",
et est en aucun cas versée dans le domaine public.

Les mêmes conditions d'utilisation s'appliquent à toutes les portions de
cette musique, y compris les sons et les instruments, sauf mention
contraire. Gardez à l'esprit que je peux à tout moment modifier ces
conditions sans préavis. La dernière version officielle de cette licence
est disponible sur mon site Web à l'adresse http://www.arachnosoft.com.
Pensez à la consulter lorsque cela est nécessaire.

* DISTRIBUTION

Vous êtes libre de distribuer cette musique à qui vous voulez, sous
n'importe quel format, du moment que vous teniez l'utilisateur final
informé au sujet de la provenance de cette musique, de son auteur, et de
sa disponibilité officielle sur mon site Web, http://www.arachnosoft.com.  

Si vous souhaitez distribuer cette musique dans un format différent de
celui que je vous propose (MP3, OGG, etc.), j'aimerais que vous me
contactiez au préalable, de façon à me tenir informé de l'utilisation de ma
musique.

Vous êtes bien entendu libre de distribuer cette musique sous sa forme
d'origine, telle que vous la trouvez sur mon site Web. Toutefois,
j'aimerais également en être tenu informé.

Dans tous les cas, vous DEVEZ clairement spécifier que cette musique a été
produite par moi-même, Maxime Abbey, et que ses versions d'origine sont
disponibles dans leur plus récente mouture sur mon site,
http://www.arachnosoft.com.

De plus, la distribution doit être faite gratuitement, ou en échange d'un
faible montant monétaire destiné à couvrir les frais de distribution et/ou
les supports utilisés (CD-ROM, disques). Toute distribution commerciale est
couverte par les conditions d'utilisations commerciales de cette licence,
telles que décrites ci-dessous.

* UTILISATION

Vous êtes entièrement libre d'utiliser et d'écouter cette musique pour
votre plaisir personnel et de la convertir dans tout format destiné à
couvrir vos besoins d'écoute, du moment que cela ne cause pas de tort à
autrui, et que ce soit fait en conformité avec les termes de cette licence.

Si vous souhaitez utiliser cette musique au sein de vos propres créations
(logiciels, site Web, présentation, CD-ROM, magazine, etc.), quel que soit
votre projet, veuillez me contacter afin de me tenir informé à son sujet,
même si toute utilisation dans des projets non-commerciaux est encouragée.
Toutefois, toute utilisation commerciale DOIT m'être signalée avant toute
chose. Cela concerne aussi bien la musique en elle-même que les sons
qu'elle contient, puisque, sauf mention contraire, ils ont tous été
construits et enregistrés par mes soins.

Vous êtes pleinement autorisé à modifier ou à remixer cette musique comme
vous l'entendez, mais si vous souhaitez distribuer une version modifiée,
vous devez indiquer que vous avez utilisé cette musique comme base de
travail, et que vous êtes l'auteur de la version modifiée. De plus, je
vous serais reconnaissant de me tenir informé au sujet de vos travaux.

A PROPOS DE L'AUTEUR
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Je m'appelle Maxime Abbey, je suis né le 28 octobre 1985 en France.

Mon site Web est disponible à l'adresse http://www.arachnosoft.com. Vous y
retrouverez mes logiciels gratuits (dont des utilitaires et des jeux 2D/3D)
et l'ensemble de mes compositions musicales.

Pour toute demande, vous pouvez me contacter par e-mail à l'adresse
contact@arachnosoft.com. N'hésitez pas à le faire, tous les e-mails que je
reçois sont lus, et votre support est toujours apprécié !

POUR FINIR...
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Merci d'écouter ma musique ! En espérant que vous l'appréciez...

J'aimerais également remercier toutes les personnes qui ont créé les outils
et les sons que j'ai utilisés pour cette musique, et, en particulier,
Olivier Lapicque et toute l'équipe de ModPlug Tracker / OpenMPT, ainsi que
Achraf Cherti, qui m'a fortement aidé à me frayer un chemin dans le monde
de la "tracked music".

Et bien entendu, merci à toutes les personnes, mentionnées ou non, ayant
composé la musique qui m'a inspiré pour produire celle-ci, directement ou
indirectement !

SUR CE, BONNE ECOUTE ! J'ATTENDS VOS COMMENTAIRES...
