DEMO SONG LIST & PROFILE

Warning: All rights to the song data are reserved. Unauthorized use of this 
material for purposes other than private, personal enjoyment is a violation 
of applicable laws.

***Demo Song List***

[ALLSTARS] Folder

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
ALLSTARS.MID  The GS All-Stars, Live!       John Maul
                                            ©1996 John Maul
BABELS.MID    Babel's Blunder               John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland UK
BK_ALLY.MID   Back Alley Joe                John Campbell
                                            ©1992 John Campbell
BOP_U.MID     Bop U Drop                    John Campbell
                                            ©1992 John Campbell
CANDY.MID     Candy Walk                    Team-khy
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
COOL.MID      Cool Sweet                    Music Brains
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
DEADEND.MID   Deadend                       Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
HEAVY.MID     Heavy Changes                 Takeshi Watanabe
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INSIDER.MID   INSIDER                       Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
J_CYCLE.MID   J-Cycle                       Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MOON_L.MID    Moonlight Picnic              John Campbell
                                            ©1994 Evanhale Music
O_HOLY.MID    O Holy Night                  Adolphe Adam 
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
PATHETIQ.MID  Sonata No.8 "Pathetique"      P.Tchaikovsky 
                                            (Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
PERGYNT1.MID  Morning-mood from Peer Gynt   E.Grieg (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SYNCO.MID     Syncopation                   John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation


[CL_PIANO] Folder : Classical Piano

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
BURLESQ.MID   Burlesque for 2 Pianos        John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
DREAM.MID     Dreaming [Traumerei], Op.15-7 R. Schumann 
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
ELISE.MID     Fur Elise, WoO.59             L. v. Beethoven 
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
GYMNOPED.MID  Gymnopedie No.1               E. Satie (TEN Factory)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
HARM_B.MID    The Harmonious Blacksmith[Theme]   Handel (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_01.MID  Invention No.1 in C-Major BWV772   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_02.MID  Invention No.2 in C-Minor BWV773   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_03.MID  Invention No.3 in D-Major BWV774   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_04.MID  Invention No.4 in D-Minor BWV775   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_08.MID  Invention No.8 in F-Major BWV779   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_10.MID  Invention No10 in G-Major BWV781   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_11.MID  Invention No11 in G-Minor BWV782   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INVNT_13.MID  Invention No13 in A-Minor BWV784   J. S. Bach (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
J_T_VEUX.MID  Je Te Veux                    E. Satie (Yasuhiko Komuro)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
L_COUCOU.MID  Le Coucou [Rondeau]           Louis Claude Daquin 
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MN_MUSIC.MID  Moment Musical, Op.94-3       F. Schubert (Kaori Koyama)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
RONDO.MID     Rondo Alla Turca, K.331       W. A. Mozart (Kaori Koyama)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SPR_SONG.MID  Spring Song, Op.62-6          Mendelssohn (Roland)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SPR_TIME.MID  Springtime Sundays            John Maul
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation


[EASY] Folder : Easy Listening

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
ADVENT.MID    Adventure Land                Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
AMARIA_G.MID  Ave Maria by Gounod           C. F. Gounod 
                                            (Noboru Murakami)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
AMARIA_S.MID  Ave Maria by Schubert         F. Schubert (Kazuko & 
                                            Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
ARCADIA.MID   Arcadia                       Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
CONSTANZ.MID  Theme For `Constanze'         John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
CRUISE.MID    Cruising                      Mark van der Sluis
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
D_BREAK1.MID  Day Break Part 1              Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
D_BREAK2.MID  Day Break Part 2              Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
D_BREAK3.MID  Day Break Part 3              Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
FLY_FREE.MID  Fly Free                      John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
HOME_ON.MID   Home On The Range             American Folk Song 
                                            (Noboru Murakami)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
KEEPERS.MID   The 'Keepers' Tale            John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
LA_GOLON.MID  La Golondrinas                Mexican Folk Song 
                                            (Noboru Murakami)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
LAST_FLW.MID  Last Flower                   Luigi Bruti & Roberto Lanciotti
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
LE_CYGNE.MID  Le Cygne                      C. Saint-Saens (Kazuko & 
                                            Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
LEYAS.MID     Leya's Song                   Adrian Scott
                                            ©1991 Adrian Scott
M_EARTH1.MID  Mother Earth Part 1           Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
M_EARTH2.MID  Mother Earth Part 2           Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
M_EARTH3.MID  Mother Earth Part 3           Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
M_MIST.MID    Morning Mist                  Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MACROCOS.MID  Macrocosm                     Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MOON_B.MID    Moonshine Bash!               John Maul
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
SAILING.MID   Sailing                       Luigi Bruti & Roberto Lanciotti
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SEREN.MID     Serenade                      Luigi Bruti & Roberto Lanciotti
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
THE_GIFT.MID  The Gift [Simple Gifts]       Traditional (Kazuko & 
                                            Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
WAKE_UP.MID   Wake Up!                      Noboru Murakami
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation


[JAZ_FUS] Folder : Jazz and Fusion

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
2ND_TIME.MID  2nd Time Foreground           Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
ANTICI.MID    Anticipating U                Chong Lim
                                            ©1992 Chong Lim
B_Y_T.MID     B. Y. T.                      Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
BLUE_P.MID    BLUE PLANET                   Chong Lim
                                            ©1994 Chong Lim
BOMB.MID      BOMB!!                        Jun-ichi Kawaguchi
                                            ©1993 Roland Corporation
BOP_ON.MID    Bop On The Rocks              John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
COUNT.MID     Count On The Blues            John Maul
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
ETHNO_PA.MID  ETHNO PAPA                    Jun-ichi Kawaguchi
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
INV_CITY.MID  Invisible City                Satoru Wono
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
J_LAGOON.MID  Jazz Lagoon                   John Campbell
                                            ©1991 John Campbell
LOW_FLY.MID   Low Flying                    Chas Smith
                                            ©1994 Roland UK
MARTIANS.MID  Martians In Love              John Campbell
                                            ©1991 John Campbell
MECHANO.MID   Mechano Brew                  Satoru Wono
                                            ©1993 Roland Corporation
NOSTAL.MID    Nostalgic Heaven              Kakumi Nishigomi
                                            ©1993 Roland Corporation
SOUTHERN.MID  Southern Peace                Ichi Itoh
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SUMMER.MID    Summer Blend                  Kazuko Hirashita
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SUPLEX.MID    Suplex Hold                   Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
WATCHERS.MID  Watchers                      Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1993 Roland Corporation
WORM.MID      W O R M Hole                  Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
YEBISU.MID    YEBISU                        Shigekazu Nakamura
                                            ©1993 Roland Corporation


[MEL_PIAN] Folder : Melody with Piano Accomp

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
AMARYLIS.MID  Amaryllis                     French Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
AULD_LAN.MID  Auld Lang Syne                Scottish Folk Song 
                                            (Yuko Todoroki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
AVIGNON.MID   Sur Le Pont D'Avignon         French Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
BEE.MID       Bee                           Bohemian Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
FROG.MID      The Frog's Concert            German Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
MARY_HAD.MID  Mary Had A Little Lamb        American Folk Song 
                                            (Kazuko & Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
OKINA.MID     OKINA KURINO KINOSHITADE      Anonymous 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
PAPILLON.MID  Papillon                      Spanish Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
ROUSSEAU.MID  MUSUNDE HIRAITE               J. Rousseau 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
TWINKLE.MID   Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star  French Folk Song 
                                            (Yoshiko Takase)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation


[ORCHESTR] Folder : Orchestra Works

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
ANNIE.MID     Annie Laurie                  Scottish Folk Song
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
AQABA.MID     AQABA                         Mitsuru Sakaue
                                            ©1991 Roland Corporation
BRANDEN.MID   Brandenburg Concerto No.5,1mvt.    J.S. Bach (Team-khy)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
CIELITO.MID   Cielito Lindo                 Mexican Folk Song 
                                            (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
DIVERTI.MID   Divertimento No.17 in D-Major W. A. Mozart (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1992 Roland Corporation
EINE_KLI.MID  Eine Kleine Nachtmusik        W. A. Mozart 
                                            (Noboru Murakami)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MOLDAU.MID    Moldau                        Smetana (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
PASTORAL.MID  Symphony No.6, 3rd mvt.       L. v. Beethoven 
                                            (Masashi Hirashita)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
PERGYNT2.MID  The Death Of Ase from Peer Gynt    E. Grieg (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
PERGYNT3.MID  Anitra's Dance from Peer Gynt      E. Grieg (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
PERGYNT4.MID  The Mountain King from Peer Gynt   E. Grieg (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SAKURA.MID    SAKURA SAKURA                 Traditional (Kaoru Mizuki)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SPRING1.MID   Spring from TheFourSeasons 1mvt    A.Vivaldi (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SPRING2.MID   Spring from TheFourSeasons 2mvt    A.Vivaldi (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SPRING3.MID   Spring from TheFourSeasons 3mvt    A.Vivaldi (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
SYMPH5-2.MID  Symphony No.5, 2nd mvt.       L.v. Beethoven (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
WATER1.MID    Allegro from Suite "Water Music"    Handel (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
WATER2.MID    Andante from Suite "Water Music"    Handel (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation


[SOLO_ORC] Folder : Solo and Orchestra

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
BALLET.MID    Ballet Des Champs-Elysees     C.W. Gluck (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
BRIDAL_W.MID  Bridal March                  Wagner (Team-khy)
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
ECOSSAIS.MID  Ecossaise                     L.v. Beethoven (Team-khy)
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
G_VALSE.MID   Grande Valse Brillante        F.Chopin (Team-khy, 
                                            Pf: Kaori Koyama)
                                            ©1995 Roland Corporation
GAVOTTE.MID   Gavotte                       F.J. Gossec (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MENUT_G.MID   Menuett G dur                 J.S. Bach (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
MINUETTO.MID  Minuetto                      Luigi Boccherini (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation
THAIS.MID     Meditation De "Thais"         Massenet (Team-khy)
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation


[VSC88SNG] Folder 

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
AUTUMNAL.MID  Autumnaltints                 Kazuko & Masashi Hirashita
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
DOTABATA.MID  Dota-Bata                     Shimada Mitsuru (Music Brains)
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
GOLD_SPR.MID  Gold Sprinter                 Hiroshi Hisamitsu
                                            ©1997 Roland Corporation
SKATEY8.MID   Skatey Eight                  Adrian Scott
                                            ©1994 Adrian Scott
TXPLASMA.MID  TOXOPLASMA                    Mitsuru Sakaue, Kazunori Seki
                                            ©1994 Roland Corporation


[PHRASES] Folder 
  * The [PHRASES] folder contains SC-88Pro Demo Songs.

File Name     Song Name                     Composer (Player)
88P_BASE.MID  Base Demo                     Naoki Matsuura (GigBag)
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
88P_ORCH.MID  Orchestra                     Team-khy
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation
88P_LOFI.MID  Lo-Fi Dance                   Idecs
                                            ©1996 Roland Corporation



***Profile of Composers***

Adrian Scott
Adrian Scott formerly handled the vocals and keyboards for the popular 
Australian group, "Air Supply." Since following the solo path, he won the 
Silver Prize at the "World Song Festival Tokyo '84." Currently, he is 
involved as a producer of commercial music and music for films. In addition, 
as a session player, he has performed along with a number of Australia's top 
musicians, including John Farnham and Kylie Minogue. He lives in Melbourne, 
Australia.

Chas Smith
Roland UK's Senior Product Specialist/Demonstrator joined the company in 
1987, after a free-lance career playing in rock bands. He is an active 
composer, principally for the jingle market. His particular interests lie in 
the use of the latest sampling technology, and in programming synthesizers.

Chong Lim
Chong Lim is a busy keyboard player, arranger, producer and composer working 
mainly in the cities of Melbourne and Sydney, Australia. Chong has 
collaborated with many top international artists including John Farnham, 
Tina Arena, Jermaine Jackson, Little River Band, Judith Durham, Rick Price, 
etc. He is also the Musical Director of the top rating live television show 
"Don't Forget Your Toothbrush." He is actively involved in the composition 
of soundtrack music for film and television and is a member of Roland's 
Australian Research and Development Team.

John Campbell
John Campbell is an award-winning Los Angeles, California based composer, 
keyboardist and producer. As a keyboard player, his long list of credits 
include working with artists such as Philip Bailey, Larry Carlton, Mel 
Torme, and the group "Chicago." As a composer, John has written music for a 
wide variety of television, film and radio projects. John has become a 
regular spokesperson for Roland Corporation while utilizing his experience 
as a dynamic performing musician, composer, and educator.

John Maul
John Maul is a musician, composer and arranger having graduated from the 
Royal Academy of Music in London. John's work encompasses studio recordings 
and live performances including work with top UK Jazz artists. His writing 
credits include commercial music for BBC radio and television, as well as 
scoring jazz and classical works. Having been a product specialist for 
Roland U.K., John is now actively involved in music software composing/
programming for both Roland Japan and various music publishers. Quite 
recently his "Musical Picture Book", a volume of original piano music 
encompassing all standards of musical ability, which included the piano and 
orchestral accompaniment data in SMF format, was published and printed.

Luigi Bruti
Luigi Bruti is the senior musical advisor in Roland Europe; he joined the 
company in 1979. He won the world championships of accordion in 1976 and 
worked for three years (1978-80) for an Italian record company in the 
creation of sound tracks, both as a composer and performer. He is a keyboard 
and synthesizer player, and has his own recording studio where he creates 
sound tracks for radio and TV spots and for movies. As the chief of Roland 
Europe's musical staff, he designed the musical section of the E-series 
(from E-20 to E-70, which include several original patents), and has also 
created many musical styles, demo songs and style cards related to the E-
series.

Mark Van Der Sluis
Mark did not go through formal musical training, but is a naturally gifted 
musician who by age 12 was already performing and composing as a 
professional keyboard player. He has appeared in many recordings, television 
broadcasts and live performances, and in 1989 signed a contract with Roland 
New Zealand as a product specialist. In 1992 he became a product specialist 
for Roland Japan, conducting product clinics and demonstrations worldwide.

Roberto Lanciotti
Roberto Lanciotti is a musical advisor in Roland Europe; he joined the 
company in 1985. He is a keyboard and synthesizer player involved in various 
live performances. He works as a composer and performer in several recording 
studios in the creation of sound tracks for radio and TV spots and for 
movies. As a member of Roland Europe's musical staff he has participated in 
the creation of the E-series, music styles and style cards.

Seiichi Itoh
His life has thus far been a story of remarkable achievements, beginning 
with winning an electric organ contest even while still in junior high 
school. While in high school, he acquired in-depth knowledge on computers 
and their use in business. At the time he entered university, he was also an 
active participant in the business of a Japanese record company. Afterwards, 
a period in which he served as an advisor on keyboard instruments for Roland 
Corporation lead to his being taken on-board as a full-time employee. So 
far, he has performed in 137 cities overseas, and 200 within Japan. He 
resigned from Roland in 1987 in order to establish his own school of music. 
Currently, while managing his company's "Studio Ichi," he also serves as an 
advisor to Roland concerning development of new electronic musical 
instruments, and assists with their promotion throughout the realm of music.

Jun-ichi Kawaguchi
Jun-ichi Kawaguchi is an arranger/composer/keyboardist who is currently 
involved mainly with studio recording. He has produced compositions and 
arrangements for quite a few well-known artists. Within Japan, he has also 
played an important role during numerous demonstrations, including those for 
Roland's S and JV series, at musical instrument fairs and other special 
events.

Yasuhiko Komuro
Yasuhiko Komuro is a freelance classical composer/arranger/pianist who lives 
in the Kansai area. In 1990 he joined Kyoko Otagawa and Hisamitsu Hiroshi to 
form "Team-khy", and their compositions in their own solid style are highly 
acclaimed.

Mitsuru Sakaue
From his college days, Mitsuru Sakaue has been active as a keyboard player 
and arranger in studio and commercial music production. At present he is 
involved in production of commercials for TV and radio as a composer, 
arranger, keyboard player and computer music expert. His highly acclaimed 
musical abilities go beyond borders of musical genre. He is the chief 
director of the Idecs (Inc.) group of creative musical artists.

Team - KHY
The company "TEAM-KHY" formed in 1988 consists of three members, Kyoko 
Otagawa, Hiroshi Hisamitsu and Yasuhiko Komuro. Their composition "Foresta 
1" was presented at the 1990 Kyoto International Music Festival, and 
"Foresta 2" at the First Annual Computer Music Independent Concert held in 
Kobe the following year. More than just another group of modern musicians or 
commercial composers, they are making their mark as fresh and creative new 
musical unit whose recordings range in style from classical to popular and 
beyond, developing new vistas in music as they transcend genre. The three 
people graduated in "Composition" from the Kyoto City University of the Arts 
Department of Music.

Masashi Hirashita, Kazuko Hirashita
Masashi and Kazuko both started studying classical piano when they were in 
their infancy. Both went on to study composition. At the same time, they had 
started their own music careers as keyboardists and composers. Their work 
covers a wide spectrum of styles and activities, including pop, fusion and 
jazz music as well as many writing and producing jobs.

Kaoru Mizuki
Kaoru Mizuki started studying piano at the age of 5. While she was 15 years 
old, she started composing. After graduating from the Tokyo National 
University of Fine Arts and Music, majoring in composition, she received 
many awards and titles for compositions for chorus and horn ensembles. She 
is now pursuing her career in writing for TV programs and jingles. She has 
earned an enviable reputation for her compositions and has also released a 
CD in Japan.

Music Brains
This is a music creating company established on April 3rd 1992 in Tokyo 
where it has been mainly working. We make CD's, video BGM, CM, animation 
music, Karaoke, etc. in our own recording studio.
Also, we develop electronic musical instruments, send players, publish 
manuals, etc. Regarding Roland SMF music data, we have created various 
titles with the theme of searching reality in music, and have been highly 
estimated.

Noboru Murakami
Noboru Murakami is a representative of Music Production in Japan, Internet 
Corporation. He is involved as an expert in computer music in such areas as 
composing, arranging, synthesizer programming, and the production and 
development of music software.

Takeshi Watanabe (Music Brains)
Takeshi Watanabe handled the arrangement, performed the music, and 
manipulated the synthesizers for the "Falcom Special BOX '92" CD. He has 
also worked on arrangements for, and performed with Shizuka Kudo, Takuji 
Koyama, and Toshihiro Ito. Additionally, he serves on the regular band that 
performs with "Malta and COCAGE," whether they play live or on recordings.

Satoru Wono
While studying at the Tokyo Gakugei University, where he gained his Bachelor 
of Music Degree and M.E., he worked as a composer and performer. A modern 
composition, "The Machine of The Bachelor," received Best New Composer Award 
from the Japanese Society of Contemporary Music in 1988. He is also very 
active as a producer of House music and is a composer of video and TV music.

Kakumi Nishigomi
Born in Kochi Prefecture in Japan in 1961. In 1988, he performed as a 
bassist with the Hisaaki Kanzaki Session. He has since co-produced a number 
of works, including Takaaki Yasuoka's "Miracle of Love" and "NEVER" by 
Always. His recent endeavors as a producer have involved him in "We are 
Party" by Party, Asian Soul Brothers (concert), Zenjiro's "Musical Melting 
Pot," and Hisaaki Kanzaki's "Sunday for Santa Claus."

S. Nakamura
Shigekaz is a member of Roland's engineering team. While the brunt of his 
time has had to be devoted toward development of the company's sound 
generating hardware, he has also found time to create a significant amount 
of sound data and numerous demo songs (for the U-20, D-70, JV-80 and JD-990, 
among others.)

Mitsuru Shimada
On April 3, 1992, Shimada established music production company with Tokyo as 
his base of activity. Besides producing CDs, background music for video, 
commercials, music for animation, karaoke, and more at the company's in-
house recording studio, he works on developing electronic musical 
instruments, arranging musicians, and is involved in publishing instruction 
manuals. He has produced numerous titles on the theme of pursuing the 
expression of musical reality for Roland SMF Music Files as well, and has 
garnered great respect for his work.

Hiroshi Hisamitsu
Since his schooldays, Hiroshi Hisamitsu has been active in orchestral 
composition and in arranging. He has also had an interest in computer music 
which led to compositions in that field as well. His compositional technique 
is supported by broad musical knowledge and experience, and he is especially 
known for his acoustic expressiveness. At present, he is a member of "Team-
khy", and an instructor in computer music at Kyoto University of Education.

Kazunori Seki
Kazunori Seki is active as a session drummer. Beginning with his band debut 
on "Motoyoshi Iwasaki & WINDY" (on Kitty records), he participated in four 
singles and two LPs. When the group disbanded, he began freelancing as a 
composer. At present he is active as a composer and arranger of commercial 
music. Kazunori is a multi-talented musician who handles everything from 
arranging, vocals, computer operation, and engineering all by himself.

Naoki Matsuura (GigBag)
GIGBAG left Japan for the U.S. in 1982, then started his professional 
activities while he was still in the Berklee College of Music. He gained 
popularity as a bassist in Boston, Europe and Asia.

Idecs Inc.
Through the SMF data creations they offer, this professional sound 
production unit continues to generate new excitement throughout the realm of 
music files. The overwhelming quality of their music has created for them an 
enormous following among consumers of music files. Additionally, their other 
activities within the realm of music reach into almost every areaÑwhether it 
be composing, arranging, producing, or education.
