The 2009 GEOCITIES MIDI Archive, version 1.1
Compiled date: 2015-07-03
Compiled by: Tony Baechler

This is, for the most part, identical to version 1.0 as released by
ArchiveTeam.  I have made only minor modifications.  If you have already
downloaded and sorted through the original version, there is no reason to
download this one.  In brief, I have made the following changes:

1. I have deleted all empty files.  I define an empty file as one which is 0
bytes.  If the file has any actual contents, it has been kept.

2. I have created a new directory called nonMIDI and moved all files which the
file (1) utility did not identify as a standard MIDI file to this directory.
There are a total of 506 nonMIDI files.  They have been zipped into nonMIDI.zip
and the original directory was deleted.  I have left it up to the downloader to
decide if they want to unzip the nonMIDI files or not.  Be aware that they have
not been scanned for viruses and some of them are probably offensive and might
be pirated commercial recordings.  I have made no attempt to rename them from
their original .mid extension.  I have, however, included a file called
nonMIDI.txt which is the output of the file (1) command.

3. To save space, I have switched to the 7-zip format instead of standard zip.
You can get a 7-zip utility on most platforms.  The official version can be
found at:

http://7-zip.org/

Ports to other platforms such as Linux can be found at the following site:

http://p7zip.sourceforge.net/

This README file and my changes are in the public domain.  I have left the
original README file and directory structure as originally downloaded.  As with
most packages you download from the Internet, you use these files at your own
risk.  No warranty is given, stated or implied.  I have no direct involvement
with ArchiveTeam.  I only made a minor cleanup attempt because I am a MIDI
enthusiast and I can't believe that Yahoo shut down Geocities after so many
years.  Enjoy the music!
